## TO DO:
* implement "NEW_PROJECT" option
* now script is only compatible with linux. Windows compability need changes in python script and auto-tags
* nested tags need to be implemented - idea for them is for example `<<<FORMAT<<<DATE>>>>>>`
* implement --name and --template option for invoking the script
## Purpose of the program
This package is my attempt to create standalone system for text based files, independent from any IDE or text editor.
I am hobby programmer and I used many IDEs mostly using them once per project on diffrent computers and systems. 
Every time when I started new project after longer break I spend long time to start. This time could be shorter if I had
good template system at hand. This why i started this project. 
Many good template systems exist, which are mostly hard connected with IDE/text editors. For Vim very good candidate is 
[vim-templates](https://github.com/tibabit/vim-templates/tree/master).
From vim-templates I borrow a idea of "placeholders", which I liked and in my project  "tags" and greatly improve by
"auto-tags"(bash executed commands text results) defined in [autoFillTag.conf](./autoFillTag.conf), which proposes user what he can put in place
of "tag" in the text.
## Main program assumptions
* no hard connection with any IDE or text editor. You are free to use your favorite text editor.
* python script language for multiplatform(in future, now I concetrate on linux mostly), easy customization, editing and readibility
* use of "tags" in form of `<<<TAG>>>`, which during creation of file from template are replaced interactively by user during script execution
* auto-tags predefined in [autoFillTag.conf](./autoFillTag.conf) file. This auto-tags result in text "advice" proposed for user, which he
can put as text in replace of TAG by pressing Enter button. Auto-tags include security issue as python run shell commands from 
[autoFillTag.conf](./autoFillTag.conf)
Be carefull and analyse auto-tags in config file before use!
* specjal-tags are defined inside the [templates.py](./templates.py) script and reserved at begginig of [autoFillTag.conf](./autoFillTag.conf) 
file. Specjal-tags are created to utilize information like file name inserted by the user.
* interactive text-based, wizard-like user interface for simplicity of use and possibility to use on headless systems without GUI. 
* automate repeative tasks, for example date, time input or include guard name in C++ header file
## How it works
User in shell start the program by put in console command(you must first add alias to [templates.py](./templates.py) script)  
`templates [-h] [-n NAME] [-t TEMPLATE] path`  
Script will open interactive wizard where user choose which template want to use. Options for user are generated by the content included in 
folders NEW_PROJECT and NEW_FILE. The folder deep is unlimited. Script will iterate until content folder with files is found. After user choose
template folder the desription.txt file(mandatory) is displayed also list of files in folder.
### How it works - NEW_FILES
After template folder is picked up script will iterate through all files in folder. Each file will be opened and user will be prompted to give a
new name to file(extension will be copied from orginal file). Script will copy line by line file to new location and during this print line on screen. 
Each line will be analized and when `<<<TAG>>>` will be detected user will be prompted to react for this event. User always have possibility to insert own text. When aviable 
the proposed text will be given if tag is specjal-tag or auto-tag. User must press Enter key to enter proposed text.
### How it works - NEW_PROJECT
> NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
### How it works - auto-tags from autoFillTag.conf
You can define auto tag as static text or output from shell command. Shell command is executed when you input `!cmd:` just after '=' sign
```
#will result as plain text "JOE DOE"
<<<AUTHOR>>>=JOE DOE
#"hostname" command will be executed in shell and text result used by script
<<<HOSTNAME>>>=!cmd:hostname
```
#### Nested auto-tags
Below is a example of nested auto-tag from autoFillTag.conf file:
```
<<<INCLUDE_GUARD>>>=!cmd:echo "<<<fileName1>>>" | sed 's/\./_/g'
```
`<<<fileName1>>>` is a specjal tag. Script before executing command search for tag inside auto-tag and resolve it first and put result text,
which replaces tag in command. In this example filename is inputed and dots are replaced with underscore(filename.h --> filename_h).
